Added README.md for intra_process_demo (#595)
ros2/demos: intra_process_demo/README.md

## **What Is This?**

> This demo is designed to showcase how developers can **manually compose ROS 2 nodes** by **defining them separately** but **combining them in varied process layouts**.These can be done while avoiding code overhauls or performance restrictions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo is designed to showcase how developers can **manually compose ROS 2 nodes** by **defining them separately** but **combining them in varied process layouts**.
These can be done while avoiding code overhauls or performance restrictions. 
```

Also, I'm not quite sure what "performance restrictions" means.  Can you please elaborate?

Author: **performance restrictions** would refer to the **additional operations** to the following abstract:

>However, comparing the publication/reception of an intra and an inter-process message, the former requires several additional operations: it has to store the message in the ring buffer, monitor the number of Subscriptions, and extract the message.

This abstract can be found under section, **Dependent on the RMW** - **Latency and CPU utilization**. 
> https://design.ros2.org/articles/intraprocess_communications.html

Author: Done.

This package consists of the following ROS 2 nodes:

1. `camera_node`
2. `watermark_node`
3. `image_view_node`
4. `image_pipeline_all_in_one`
5. `two_node_pipeline`
6. `cyclic_pipeline`
7. `image_pipeline_with_two_image_view`

> Through the use of **intra-process** (as opposed to **inter-process** node communication), lower latency and thus **higher efficiency** is observed for ROS 2 topologies that utilizes this manner of communication. These improvements in latency reduction is even **more pronounced when applied to ROS 2 systems with more complex topology**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Through the use of **intra-process** (as opposed to **inter-process** node communication), lower latency and thus **higher efficiency** is observed for ROS 2 topologies that utilizes this manner of communication.
These improvements in latency reduction is more pronounced when applied to ROS 2 systems with complex topologies. 
```

Author: Done.

![](img/two_node_pipeline.png)

### 2. Cyclic Pipeline

Run `cyclic_pipeline` via the commands below:

```bash
ros2 run intra_process_demo cyclic_pipeline
```

> Similar to the previous, instead of creating a new message for each new iteration, the publisher and subscriber nodes only ever use one message instance. This is achieved by having a cycle in the graph and kickstarting the communication externally by having one of the nodes publish before spinning executor.

### 3. Image Pipeline All In One

Please ensure you have a camera connected to your workstation.

Running `image_pipeline_all_in_one` essentially runs narrow processes of `camera_node`
, `watermark_node` and `image_view_node` in one singular process. 

```bash
ros2 run intra_process_demo image_pipeline_all_in_one
```

![](img/image_pipeline_all_in_one_rqtgraph.png)

### 4. Image Pipeline All Separately

Please ensure you have a camera connected to your workstation.

**In direct contrast with the previous**, run the following commands in separate terminals to have `camera_node`, `watermark_node` and `image_view_node` all in their own process, utilizing **inter-process node communication**.

> This starts the `camera_node` ROS 2 node and publishes image captured from your workstation web camera onto a ROS 2 topic labelled `/image`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This starts the `camera_node` ROS 2 node and publishes images captured from your workstation web camera onto a ROS 2 topic labelled `/image`.
```

Author: Done.

```bash
# Open new terminal
ros2 run intra_process_demo camera_node
```

This starts the `watermarked_node` ROS 2 node which subscribes to raw images from ROS 2 topic `/image`, overlays both **process ID number** and **message address** on top of the image visually and publishes to ROS 2 topic `/watermarked_image`.
```bash
# Open new terminal
ros2 run intra_process_demo watermarked_node
```

This starts the `image_view_node` ROS 2 node which subscribes to `/watermarked_image` and displays the received images in an OpenCV GUI window.

```bash
# Open new terminal
ros2 run intra_process_demo image_view_node
```

### 5. Image Pipeline With Two Image Views

Please ensure you have a camera connected to your workstation.

> Similar to the **Image Pipeline All In One**, running `image_pipeline_with_two_image_views` will display the image process through intra-process communications. However, it now instantiates 2 `image_view_node` ROS 2 nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the **Image Pipeline All In One**, running `image_pipeline_with_two_image_views` will display the image process through intra-process communications.
However, it now instantiates two `image_view_node` ROS 2 nodes.
```

Author: Done.

  sleeping for 1 second...
  done.
Incrementing and sending with value: 45, and address: 0x555E4F029480
Received message with value:         45, and address: 0x555E4F029480
  sleeping for 1 second...

```

### 3. Image Pipeline All In One

When executed correctly, an OpenCV GUI window should appear displaying something similar to what is shown below:

![](img/image_pipeline_all_in_one.png)

>Take note how the **process_id** and **Message Pointer Address** are **all the same**, proving that all 3 nodes are in the same process.

### 4. Image Pipleline All Separately

When executed correctly, an OpenCV GUI window should appear displaying something similar to what is shown below:

![](img/image_pipeline_all_separately.png)

> Notice how all the **process_id** and **Message Pointer Address** are now **all different**, showing that all nodes are using different processes.

### 5. Image Pipeline With Two Image Views

When executed correctly, 2 OpenCV GUI window should appear displaying similar to what is show below:

![](img/image_pipeline_with_two_image_views.png)

> For more details on this implementations, please refer to the references below.

## **References**

> 1. [Intra Process Communication tutorial](https://daobook.github.io/ros2-docs/xin/Tutorials/Intra-Process-Communication.html)

Reviewer: This should point to the official docs at https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Tutorials/Demos/Intra-Process-Communication.html

## **What Is This?**

> This demo is designed to showcase how developers can **manually compose ROS 2 nodes** by **defining them separately** but **combining them in varied process layouts**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The demos in this package are designed to showcase how developers can **manually compose ROS 2 nodes** by **defining them separately** but **combining them in varied process layouts**.
```

Author: Done.

These can be done while avoiding code overhauls or performance restrictions. 

This package consists of the following ROS 2 nodes:

1. `camera_node`
2. `watermark_node`
3. `image_view_node`
4. `image_pipeline_all_in_one`
5. `two_node_pipeline`
6. `cyclic_pipeline`
7. `image_pipeline_with_two_image_view`

> Through the use of **intra-process** (as opposed to **inter-process** node communication), lower latency and thus **higher efficiency** is observed for ROS 2 topologies that utilizes this manner of communication. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Through the use of **intra-process** (as opposed to **inter-process**) node communication, lower latency and thus **higher efficiency** is observed for ROS 2 topologies that utilizes this manner of communication. 
```

Author: Done.

> These improvements in latency reduction is even **more pronounced when applied to ROS 2 systems with more complex topology**. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The improvements in latency reduction are even **more pronounced when applied to ROS 2 systems with more complex topologies**. 
```

Author: Done.

## **Build**

```bash
colcon build --packages-up-to intra_process_demo
```

## **Run**

### 1. Two Node Pipeline

Run `two_node_pipeline` via the commands below:

```bash
ros2 run intra_process_demo two_node_pipeline
```

> This sets up two nodes, a ROS 2 node that publishes a string with an incremeting integer value, as well as a ROS 2 node that subscribes to print the received string.

![](img/two_node_pipeline.png)

### 2. Cyclic Pipeline

Run `cyclic_pipeline` via the commands below:

```bash
ros2 run intra_process_demo cyclic_pipeline
```

> > Similar to the previous, instead of creating a new message for each new iteration, the publisher and subscriber nodes only ever use one message instance. This is achieved by having a cycle in the graph and kickstarting the communication externally by having one of the nodes publish before spinning executor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Similar to the previous, instead of creating a new message for each new iteration, the publisher and subscriber nodes only ever use one message instance. This is achieved by having a cycle in the graph and kickstarting the communication externally by having one of the nodes publish before spinning the executor.
```

Author: Done.

### 3. Image Pipeline All In One

Please ensure you have a camera connected to your workstation.

> Running `image_pipeline_all_in_one` essentially runs narrow processes of `camera_node`

Reviewer 2: What is meant by "narrow processes?"

Author: The term `narrow processes` is referenced and paraphrased from the mention of `narrow tasks` under section, **Background**, line 1, in the  official [ROS2 documentation](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Tutorials/Demos/Intra-Process-Communication.html) for `intra_process_demo`.

It likely refers to the how each node's functionality is singular and easy-to-understand.

Eg.

`camera_node` focuses on coverting capture images to ROS2 image messages.
`watermark_node` focuses on overlaying text on the ROS2 image messages.
`image_viewer_node` focuses on displaying the overlayed image messages in a window for users.

Reviewer 2: I think it would enhance comprehension to avoid introducing jargon, even if it is used elsewhere in ROS documentation. In this case, one could simply describe what running image_pipeline_all_in_one does. For example,

image_pipeline_all_in_one consists of 3 nodes, where the first one publishes a unique_ptr<Image> message, the second node subscribes to the topic and republishes the image after modifying it on a new topic, and the third node subscribes to to this last topic.

Author: Modified the identified paragraph to the following based on feedback:

> `image_pipeline_all_in_one` consists of **3** nodes, where `camera_node` publishes a `unique_ptr` message onto the topic, `\image`. Subsequently,  `watermark_node` subscribes to the previous, republishes the image after adding a watermark on the topic, `\watermarked_image`, and the final node, `image_view_node`, subscribes to this last topic in order to display it for user.
